Two dogs are playing by a tree.
A girl in white is dancing.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear.
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass.
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods.
A band is playing on a stage.
The woman is measuring the other woman.
Men are sawing logs.
A man is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A hole is being burrowed by the badger.
The milk is being drunk by a cat.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic completely.
A flute is being played in a lovely way by a girl.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens.
One person is playing the guitar and singing.
The horse is being ridden by a man.
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely.
A woman is sewing with a machine.
The cat is playing passionately with a watermelon.
The cat is playing passionately with a watermelon.
Some cameras are being burned by a person with a blow torch.
The lady is slicing a tomato.
One man is running down the road.
Some people are singing.
Someone is strumming the guitar.
Three women are dancing.
A bull dog is being brushed by the monkey.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot.
A guinea pig, which is small, is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
The lady is penciling on eyeshadow.
The man is lifting barbells.
A large green ball is hitting a potato.
A woman is using a pencil for eyes and is applying eye liner to her eyelid.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water.
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
A woman is riding a water scooter.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
A tray is being buttered by a person.
A dog is licking a baby.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
A man is playing the drum.
One man is doing floor exercises.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan.
A boy is filling a pitcher with water.
It is raining on a walking man.
The person is slicing onions.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini.
A woman is slicing a pepper which is green.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
The man is singing and playing the guitar.
A man is recklessly climbing a rope.
A man is climbing a rope.
A man is climbing a rope.
The lady is picking up the kangaroo.
A dog is running breathlessly on the road.
The man is hurling knives at a tree.
One man is riding a horse.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline.
The woman is slicing cooked octopus.
A man is eating a banana.
A man is cutting a note.
The doctors are healing a man.
A woman is slicing a potato.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol.
Some instruments are being played by a band.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
Garlic is being chopped by a woman.
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside.
The man is talking on the telephone.
A chef is preparing some food.
Two sumo ringers are fighting.
The woman is putting pasta into a dish.
A large flute is being played by a man.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman.
A woman is cutting a lemon.
A cupcake is being eaten by a girl.
A person is peeling a potato.
A man is rowing a canoe.
A horse is being ridden by a person.
Vegetables are being put into a pot by a man.
A man and a woman are in a room painted beige, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background.
A man is standing on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag.
A dog, which is black, is running in the grass.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass.
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface.
The snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow.
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward.
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp.
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera.
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her.
The group of people is sitting in a dim room.
A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a field full of mud.
A young mother is playing with her boy in the park.
A tennis player is lunging to the left.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a drawing on the back.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of an old man with grey hair.
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp.
Two white dogs are quickly running together.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk.
A dog is swimming in a body of water.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air.
A surfer is surfing a big wave.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard.
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants.
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on.
